doc: known_issue: add a new item affecting Bluetooth HID samples (#16969)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  * :ref:`fast_pair_input_device`
  * Fast Pair configurations of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application

.. rst-class:: wontfix v2-7-0 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0 v0-4-0 v0-3-0

> NCSDK-26669: Reconnection with HID devices with privacy enabled does not work on Android 14

Reviewer: `may not work`?

> NCSDK-26669: Reconnection with HID devices with privacy enabled does not work on Android 14

Reviewer 2: "Reconnecting with HID devices that have privacy enabled does not work on Android 14."

  This issue affects samples and applications that are set up for the HIDS use case and have the Bluetooth Privacy feature enabled (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`).

>   If the Android 14 device gets disconnected from the HID device without explicit user action triggered in the "Settings > Bluetooth" UI (e.g. due to the Connection Timeout as a consequence of the HID device reboot), and this disconnect event occurs in the very first connection session in which successful Bluetooth pairing and bonding have happened, the smartphone has trouble reconnecting with this target HID device automatically in the background and on the explicit user intent via the "Settings > Bluetooth" UI.

Reviewer 2: "Settings >" -> ""Settings ->"

Author: decided to reformat it

  See the following list of affected samples and applications:

  * :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse`
  * :ref:`fast_pair_input_device`

>   * Fast Pair configurations of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application

Reviewer: Can we mention that manual disconnection of the device after initial pairing can be a workaround here? (it may be useful for customers)

Reviewer: As soon as Android 15 is released we should suggest update (similar for the Android 14 issue). Consider opening a follow-up ticket for this action to ensure we will remember about it.

  * :ref:`fast_pair_input_device`
  * Fast Pair configurations of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application

.. rst-class:: wontfix v2-7-0 v2-6-1 v2-6-0 v2-5-3 v2-5-2 v2-5-1 v2-5-0 v2-4-3 v2-4-2 v2-4-1 v2-4-0 v2-3-0 v2-2-0 v2-1-4 v2-1-3 v2-1-2 v2-1-1 v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0 v0-4-0 v0-3-0

NCSDK-26669: Reconnection with HID devices that have privacy enabled may not work on Android 14
  This issue affects samples and applications that are set up for the HIDS use case and have the Bluetooth Privacy feature enabled (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_PRIVACY`).

>   If the Android 14 device gets disconnected from the HID device without explicit user action triggered in the Bluetooth UI from Android Settings (e.g. due to the Connection Timeout as a result of the HID device reboot), and this disconnect event occurs in the same connection session in which successful Bluetooth pairing and bonding have happened, the smartphone cannot reconnect with this target HID device automatically in the background and on the explicit user intent via the Bluetooth UI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  If an Android 14 device is disconnected from the HID device without user intervention through the Bluetooth UI from Android settings (for example, due to a connection timeout caused by the HID device rebooting), the device faces issues.
  If the disconnection occurs in the same session as successful Bluetooth pairing and bonding, the smartphone will not be able to automatically reconnect to the HID device. 
  This limitation affects both background reconnection and explicit user attempts through the Bluetooth settings.
```
Tried to unload this sentence - please double-check the meaning, might've affected it a bit

Author: yes, should be fine as long as the user understands that both "Ifs" (L2146+L2147) need to be true for this issue to happen

  See the following list of affected samples and applications:

  * :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse`
  * :ref:`fast_pair_input_device`
  * Fast Pair configurations of the :ref:`nrf_desktop` application

>   **Workaround** After successful Bluetooth pairing and bonding, trigger manual disconnection on the Android device using the Bluetooth UI from Android Settings and then reconnect to the HID device.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  **Workaround** After successful Bluetooth pairing and bonding, manually disconnect the Android device using the Bluetooth UI from Android Settings, and then reconnect to the HID device.
```

Author: Settings -> settings to be consistent with your previous suggestions
